well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to
talk about why i still try to reach out
to a certain group of people who
do not want to be reached out to
i was asked why i still do this
and i thought about it and i couldn't
really come up with a good way to put it
into words
to be completely honest so instead of
even trying to do that
i'm going to tell you about my dogs i
have two dogs
i have baroness who is my german
shepherd
and this dog is incredibly smart
problem-solving smart she's the raptor
from jurassic park
all the stuff that a smart dog can do
she can do when she was two
if she noticed that i had a bag packed
she would uh
take my keys and hide them so i couldn't
leave
um you know the tennis ball trick where
you throw the ball and
you don't really throw it you try that
with her she just stares at you with
contempt
like you can see it on her face
even at her age she's still very capable
of learning new things she's a very well
trained dog
at this point um she knows how to do a
lot of stuff
my other dog is a husky named destro
he is not problem solving smart
he's not i don't expect him to learn a
lot
in the future he is very easily tricked
by the tennis ball thing or by
glass um and he's not a puppy anymore
and he still hasn't completely figured
out how glass works
but man he loves those kids just dotes
on them and they love him
he's a good dog just
easily tricked
that is why after all of these months
i still try to reach out to people who
don't
understand that they need to wear a mask
because that's what happened at the end
of the day
they placed their trust in the
institution of the presidency
something that in theory at least on
some level
they should be able to trust to at least
give them
accurate information about this
and they got tricked just because
somebody's easily tricked
doesn't mean they don't have people who
love them
or who would miss them
so yeah on some level
it is uh it seems pointless at times
but despite all of that
he's still a good boy even if
even if you can trick him with a tennis
ball over
and over and over again for months
and those kids would miss him
anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good day